So if you're a fan of ggplot,
then I think you'll be happy about
this code from the Plotly website.
So here, I'm just going to
show it to you really quick.
I'm creating a ggplot from
the diamond data set.
So if I show it to you here, you see it's
just diamond carat versus price, okay?
Now, what I wanted to show you is that
Plotly has this command, ggplotly, where
you can just immediately convert a ggplot
into a Plotly interactive HTML graphic.
So up here in the top window, it's a R
graphic in the RStudio viewer pane.
I'm sorry in the RStudio plotting pane and
then in the bottom one it's an HTML
graphic in the RStudio viewer pane.
So the bottom one's just displaying it
as you would see it in a web browser